Bluetooth: services: Align service name with upstream (#3066)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-0.4.0.rst

* Added the following libraries:

>   * :ref:`dfu_smp_readme` - GATT Client implementation compatible with the GATT SMP Service, which is used as DFU transport

Reviewer: Nothing wrong on the line, but I cannot place a comment on the commit message:
Commit: https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/3066/commits/744b836cf5928875f0b047095c67614ebe52b993 states:
```
 Bluetooth: services: DFU SMP: Align DFU SMP service name convention

Align the BAS service naming with upstream service convention.
```
I think `BAS` should have been `DFU AMP` in the commit message.

Author: Thank you. Fixed.

>   * :ref:`hids_c_readme` - GATT Client implementation compatible with the HID Service

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`hogp_readme` - GATT Client implementation compatible with the HID Service
```
